x
1 Chapter 1 Why is financing water resources management an issue?
	Chapter 2 Four principles for WRM financing
	Chapter 3 The value added of economic instruments
	Chapter 4 Issues related to the implementation of the four principles
2 Chapter 1.  Managing floods today – Setting the scene
	Chapter 2.  Effectiveness of flood governance
	Chapter 3.  Efficiency of flood governance
	Chapter 4.  Trust and engagement in flood governance
3 Introduction
	Chapter 1 Setting the stage
	Chapter 2 Providing access to services
	Chapter 3 Investing downstream in wastewater treatment and safe disposal
	Chapter 4 Managing water supply and demand in a sustainable manner
	Chapter 5 Policy implications
4 Impact of climate change on the water cycle and implications for agriculture
	Climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies for agricultural water management
	Conclusion and key policy implications
5 1 Overview
	2 Developing a water policy outlook for Georgia
	3 An outlook of Moldova’s water policy journey to 2030
	4 Options for Ukraine’s water policy reform journey – challenges in developing a water policy outlook
6 Chapter 1: The water quality challenge
	Chapter 2: Economic costs and policy approaches to control diffuse source water pollution
	Chapter 3: Emerging policy instruments for the control of diffuse source water pollution
	Chapter 4: A policy framework for diffuse source water pollution management
7 Chapter 1. The worrisome trends inground water irrigation expansion
	Chapter 2.Understanding agricultural groundwater systems and challenges
	Chapter 3.What policy instruments help to manage agricultural groundwater use sustainably?
	Chapter 4.What agricultural groundwater policies exist in OECD countries?
	Chapter 5.Towards adaptive groundwater management in agriculture
8 Chapter 1.  The context of Moldova’s economic regulatory system for water supply and sanitation
	Chapter 2.  Moldova’s economic regulatory system for water supply and sanitation
	Chapter 3.  Good practice and country experience
	Chapter 4.  Recommendations and conclusions
9 Assessment and recommendations
	Chapter 1. Water management in Korea at a turning point
	Chapter 2. Policy, legal and institutional framework for water management in Korea
	Chapter 3. Economic instruments for water quantity management under the responsibility of MoLIT
	Chapter 4. Smart Water Management in Korea
	Chapter 5. Water allocation
10 Chapter 1. Recommendations for economic instruments for water managementin Georgia
	Chapter 2. Water problems and management framework in Georgia
	Chapter 3. Overview of economic instruments for water management in Georgia
	Chapter 4. Options for economic instruments for water management in Georgia
	Chapter 5. Evaluation and ranking of options for economic instruments reform
11 1 Introduction
	2 The Challenge of Financing Water-related Investments
	3 Options to address the financing challenge
	4 Mobilising additional sources of funding and finance
	5 Accelerating action on financing water: An agenda for the future
12 Background and process
	1 Framing the challenge
	2 The state of play
	3 Projected investment needs across member states
	4 The capacity to finance projected investment needs across member states
	5 Selected options to address financing challenges
13 1 Governing water infrastructure for greater resilience
	2 Strengthening multi-level governance and the use of economic instruments in the Piancó-Piranhas Açu River Basin
	3 Making water and sanitation regulation in Brazil more effective
14 Part I.Key information and guidance for groundwater policy
	Part II.Case studies of groundwater allocation in practice
15 Chapter 1.  OECD Principles on Water Governance:  Taking stock
	Chapter 2.  OECD Water Governance Indicator Framework
	Chapter 3.  Evolving practices on water governance
16 Chapter 1. Socio-economic context, sector trends and methodology
	Chapter 2. Financial performance of, and external support to, the water supply and sanitation sector in Moldova
	Chapter 3. Public finance management system and domestic financial support to the water supply and sanitation sector in Moldova
	Chapter 4. Social support systems in Moldova related to water supply and sanitation
	Chapter 6. Enhancement of domestic financial support mechanisms for water supply and sanitation in Moldova: Scenario analysis
17 Introduction
	Setting the stage
	Mobilising market-based repayable finance
	Pushing the boundaries of innovative finance
	Assessing the impact of the global financial crisis
18 1 Insights from blended finance in the water and sanitation sector
	2 Evidence on blended finance in water and sanitation utilities
	3 Evidence on blended finance in small-scale off-grid sanitation, wastewater collection and treatment
	4 Evidence on blended finance in multipurpose infrastructure and landscape-based approaches
19 Assessment and recommendations
	Introduction: Setting the scene
	Chapter 1 Addressing multi-level governance challenges
	Chapter 2 Strengthening river basin governance
	Chapter 3 Improving economic efficiency and financial sustainability
	Chapter 4 Institutionalising regulatory functions in the water and sanitation service sector
	Chapter 5 Making water reform happen: A tentative implementation plan
20 Assessment and Recommendations
	Chapter 1.  Characterising the Water-Energy-Land-Food Nexus in Korea
	Chapter 2.  Managing water for the Water-Energy-Land-Food nexus in Korea
	Chapter 3.  Towards policy coherence and sustainable management of the Water-Energy-Land-Food nexus in Korea
	Chapter 4.  Towards effective water governance for the sustainable management of the Water-Energy-Land-Food nexus in Korea
21 Introduction
	Chapter 1. Setting the Stage
	Chapter 2. Financing Water and Sanitation Services: Key Challenges and the Way Forward
	Chapter 3. Water Services: The Central Role of Tariffs
	Chapter 4. Beyond Money: The Roles of Governments and Private Actors in Water Services
	Chapter 5. Managing Water Resources in the Agricultural Sector
22 Chapter 1.  Overview and policy recommendations
	Chapter 2.  Droughts, floods, tropical storms and Southeast Asian agriculture: Building the case for improved disaster risk management
	Chapter 3.  High exposure to weather-related risks in ASEAN countries
	Chapter 4.  Review of disaster risk management policies for agriculture  in selected ASEAN countries
23 Introduction
	Key issues with respect to financing water and sanitation
24 Framing the water reform challenge
	Meeting the water financing challenge
	Meeting the water governance challenge
	Meeting the water coherence challenge
25 Chapter 1. Characterising and measuring droughts and floods
	Chapter 2. The economics of droughts and floods in agriculture
	Chapter 3. Policy approaches for the sustainable management of droughts and floods in agriculture
26 OECD Policy Recommendations on addressing pharmaceutical residues in freshwater
	1 Defining the challenge of managing pharmaceuticals in water
	2 Opportunities to build a policy-relevant knowledge base
	3 Emerging policy instruments for the control of pharmaceuticals in water
	4 Recommendations for the management of pharmaceuticals in freshwater
27 Introduction
	Why water pricing is an issue
	Water pricing in OECD countries: state of play
	Policy challenges related to water pricing
28 Introduction
	Chapter 1. Definitions, Trends and Concepts
	Chapter 2. Checklist for Public Action in the Water Sector
	Chapter 3. Water at a Glance
	Advisors and Special Experts
29 Chapter 1. Overview and water management objectives of Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 2. Methodology for assessing reform options in Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 3. Introducing surface water abstraction and water-body use charges in Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 4. Reforming environmental pollution fees in Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 5. Reforming irrigation tariffs in Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 6. Land taxes in the Lake Issyk-Kul area
	Chapter 7. Cholpon-Ata city case study on water supply and sanitation tariffs
	Chapter 8. Introducing product taxes  (including import duty) on selected products polluting water in Kyrgyzstan
	Chapter 9. Towards an Action Plan for reform of economic instruments for WRM in Kyrgyzstan
30 Chapter 1. The state of sanitation services in Armenia, reform objectives and investment needs
	Chapter 2. Reforming market structure arrangements for sanitation in Armenia
	Chapter 3. Reforming financial arrangements for sanitation in Armenia
	Chapter 4. Accompanying legal and regulatory changes for sanitation in Armenia
31 Assessment and recommendations
	Chapter 1.Stakeholder engagement and the water agenda
	Chapter 2.Drivers of stakeholder engagement in the water sector
	Chapter 3.Mapping water-related stakeholders at all levels
	Chapter 4.Obstacles to engaging stakeholders in the water sector
	Chapter 5.Stakeholder engagement me chanismsin the water sector
	Chapter 6.Assessing stakeholder engagement in the water sector
	Chapter 7.Stakeholder engagement in the water sector: Key principles and a Checklist for Public Action
	Chapter 8.Stakeholders’ profiles
32 Introduction
	Part I. Economic assessment of Shardara MPWI development options
	Part II. A review of international experience with multi-purpose water infrastructure systems
33 Chapter 1.General Information on Water Supply and Sanitation in Kazakhstan
	Chapter 2. Prevailing Business Models for Water Supply and Sanitation in Small Townsand Rural Areas in Kazakhstan
	Chapter 3.Recommended business models for Water Supply and Sanitation in Kazakhstan
34 Introduction
	Chapter 1 - Setting the Scene: Hydrology and Economics of Water Resource Management in Agriculture
	Chapter 2 - Recent Trends and Outlook for Water Resources in Agriculture
	Chapter 3 - OECD Countries’ Policy Experiences
35 Setting the scene
	Recent trends and current status
	Institutional reforms
	Financial sustainability
	Policy recommendations
36 Overview of regulatory frameworks for water services in selected countries
	Results of the OECD Survey on the Governance of Water Regulators
	Water regulators factsheets
37 1 Towards water security in Belarus – an overview of the progress achieved through the European Union Water Initiative Plus Project
	2 State of play
	3 Policy responses
	4 Next steps
38 Chapter 1. A framework for city-level water management
	Chapter 2. Financing urban water management
	Chapter 3. Supporting the diffusion of innovative pathways for urban water management
	Chapter 4. Urban-rural co-operation for water management
	Chapter 5. Governance for urban water management
39 Chapter 1. A changing and uncertain future for freshwater
	Chapter 2. A risk-based approach to adapting water systems to climate change
	Chapter 3. Climate change adaptation for water systems in OECD countries
	Chapter 4. Improving flexibility: Adaptive governance, policy options and financing approaches
	Chapter 5. Using hindsight to guide the future: Concluding remarks
	Country Profiles
40 Assessment and recommendations
	Chapter 1. Why water charges matter in Brazil
	Chapter 2. Water charges in Brazil — The state of play
	Chapter 3. Practical issues for setting and managing water charges in Brazil
	Chapter 4. Sector-specific issues for setting and managing water charges
	Chapter 5. Governing water charges design and implementation
41 1 Water security in Cape Town, South Africa
	2 Mapping water governance in Cape Town, South Africa
	3 Key water governance challenges in Cape Town, South Africa
	4 Strengthening water governance in Cape Town: Policy recommendations
42 1 Water security and key megatrends in African cities
	2 Mapping key water policies and institutions in African cities
	3 Water governance challenges in African cities
43 Chapter 1.  Pressing and emerging water risks in Argentina
	Chapter 2.  Multi-level governance of water management in Argentina
	Chapter 3.  Water resources governance in Argentina
	Chapter 4.  Water services governance in Argentina
44 Chapter 1. Urban water governance today – Setting the scene
	Chapter 2. Factors shaping urban water governance
	Chapter 3. Mapping who does what in urban water governance
	Chapter 4. Multi-level governance gaps in urban water management
	Chapter 5. Governance instruments for urban water management
45 Assessment and recommendations
	Chapter 1 Governance challenges to private sector participation in the Jordanian water sector
	Chapter 2 Ways forward: Improving financial sustainability, the regulatory framework and stakeholders’ engagement
	Chapter 3 Action Plan for the Jordanian water sector
46 A multi-level governance approach to address complexity in the water sector
	Mapping institutional roles and responsibilities
	Multi-level governance challenges in the LAC water sector
	Multi-level co-ordination instruments for water policy making: Evidence from the LAC region
	Country profiles
47 Assessment and recommendations
	Interlocking water management functions in the Netherlands
	Knowing water risks in the Netherlands
	Key future trends for Dutch water governance
	Multi-level water governance in the Netherlands
	Managing water risks in the Netherlands at the least cost to society
	Achieving financial sustainability for Dutch water management
	Water governance in the Netherlands as a driver for better accountability
48 Chapter 1. Public Governance and Water Policies: An Innovative Multi­level Approach
	Chapter 2. Mapping Institutional Roles and Responsibilities
	Chapter 3. Challenges to Co-ordinating Water Policies Across Ministries and Levels of Government
	Chapter 4. Multi­level Co-ordination of Water Policies
	Chapter 5. Final Considerations for Water Policy Governance: Preliminary Guidelines
	Chapter 6. Country Profiles
49 1 Water resources in Peru: The state of play
	2 Multi-level water governance in Peru
	3 Economic instruments for water risk management
	4 Regulatory framework for water supply and sanitation services in Peru
50 Assessment and recommendations
	Chapter 1.Governance challenges in Tunisia’s water sector
	Chapter 2.The potential for private sector participation in Tunisia's water sector
	Chapter 3.Action plan to improve governance of the water sector in Tunisia
51 Linking policies, farm management and water quality
	Agriculture and water quality: Sources, trends, outlook and monitoring
	Monetary costs and benefits of agriculture’s impact on water systems
	OECD policy instruments and mixes addressing water quality issues in agriculture
	OECD policy experiences in addressing water quality issues in agriculture
	Moving towards sustainable water quality management in agriculture
52 Chapter 1. Re-allocating water in a water scarce world
	Chapter 2. A framework for water allocation
	Chapter 3. The current water allocation landscape
	Chapter 4. Reforming water allocation regimes
	Chapter 5. A “Health Check” for Water Resources Allocation
53 Assessment and recommendations
	Setting the scene
	Water governance in Brazil: A state of flux
	Advancing Brazil’s National Pact for Water Management
	Water allocation as a policy instrument in Brazil
	Action plan for strengthening water governance in Brazil
54 Chapter 1. Addressing water risks in agriculture
	Chapter 2. Defining and identifying water risks for agriculture
	Chapter 3. Water risk hotspots and the impact on production, markets and food security
	Chapter 4. Confronting future water risks
55 Chapter 1. Why does water security matter?
	Chapter 2. Applying a risk-based approach to water security
	Chapter 3. Achieving water security targets through market-based instruments
	Chapter 4. Policy coherence toward water security
